```
Comments from HRG in the form of an email sent on 4/2/2021 to my tbeleyur@orn.mpg.de email 

```
Hi Thejasvi,

Just to let you know, I'm working on the report for your thesis, and am
done with the HBC chapter. Hope to send it tomorrow! Nice thesis!


Regarding the HBC paper: I think we should aim to submit it by the ned
of February. What do you think?

To get it going, I suggest the following:

<------------
1) Already send it to Aditya now, to get his feedback and general
agreement for submission, to speed up things. 
------> DONE

2) While reading it, I found a few general points that I would suggest
that you address first. After that, I'd be happy to go through it again.
I list all those points below; don't worry, it's a somewhat long and
detailed list, but several things are fast, and a few others address how
to optimize presentation and accessibility, which is in a few places
still to difficult.

Once you are done with this, please send me the DOCs of the main text
and SI. Also, I'm happy to chat about this, to speed things up and to
agree on ideas. Let me know!

All the best,
Holger


Here are my points:

2.1) Parts of the results and of the SI are difficult to access.
Optimizing it is not quite easy, because we deal with many parameters
that we compare in many ways. Yet, I have a few suggestions:
- Info in the SI is rather scatter into too many subsections, figures
and tables. If these things are combined, the reader does not have to
collect information from different places and flip through too many pages:

<-------------DONE
-- combine Fig. 3.5 + 3.6 in a 1x2 panel figure; should not use more
than 1/2 page
-- heading 3.9.3.1 can be deleted; only heading on that level
-- heading 3.9.4.1: delete; only 1 sentence is following; combine with
next one into e.g.: "Selecting windows for analysis"
-- 3.9.4.4 'FM terminal frequency" --> Low frequency

-- Fig. 3.7: Add axes labels (also check other figures). Also, give
sensible y-tick marks and consider excluding frequencies below 70 khz
and thus reducing height of figure (= more content fits on page, less
searching and flipping of pages).  -----> DONE- WITH SAME TICK MARKS.

-- Fig 3.8: nice. Exclude freqs <70 kHz; would be great to add oscillograms.
-------------->

<----- NOT RELEVANT ANYMORE
-- Tables: too many, makes it difficult to compare.
* Table 3.3 and 3.4 can be well combined. Make common column-headings of
'clustered' and 'isolated'.
* delete subsections 3.9.6.1 and 3.9.6.2 and combine into one section
------------->
<------------
* The table above for individual call param ranges: am wondering whether
to include it with table 3.1 in main text. Only reporting differences in
the main text lacks the context of the actual values, and flipping back
and forth between main text and SI is not helpful.
* Also, for those tables, you could structure them further by having a
first column with the type of measure (duration, peak F,...) and a
second column with the part of the call (iFM, tFM, CF). This will
improve accessibility, and this is key for this diverse data set.
* the same applies to tables 3.5 and 3.6, and delete subsections 3.9.7.1
and 3.9.7.2.
---DONE------>

-- General structure of SI: I was thinking that it would help to
structure it into METHODS (= until top of p. 81) and RESULTS (starting
with 3.9.5.). However, this does not work well for the following
sections on Doppler Shift and tFM echo-call overlap probabilities,
because it would not help to divide those into a method and results part...

-- In 3.9.8:
<-- DONE
* Odd to read that DS depends on the acoustic fovea. I think you mean on
the emission frequency (higher freq has higher DS), and I would just say
so. I think you also want to implicitly state that emission freq differs
between individuals, but that is not clear. If you want to keep this
point, extend and use "(individual-specific) resting frequency" instead
of acoustic fovea

* combine Fig.s 3.10 and 3.11 into a 1x2 panel figure; reduce height to
have more space on page.
* add box plot to Fig. 3.10; ideally show identical visualisations /
parameters in both figures/panels.

-- 3.10: not sure whether this estimation of probabilities is needed at
all; I think we could simply refer to the PNAS paper to state that
temporal overlap is low; we don't need to quantify it.
DONE --> * the prob. estimation can just be there -- it doesn't hurt?



MAIN PAPER: Here are just a few points to address some details:

--> DONE
- 'windowed analysis' and 'window analysis': there are both terms used,
check that all are changed into 'windowed analysis'
- 3.3.0.1: Do we need to report the parameter settings of itsFM that you
used in the current analysis?
< --

- Fig. 3.2: currently displayed too large; and I think we can use this
figure to visualize additional important aspects (see very rough
attached draft):
* I suggest to show on top two spectrograms of a single and a multi-bat
recording.
* Below, visualize the parameters for the individual and the windowed
call analysis. Not only show the separation into iFM, CF, tFM, but also
visually indicate which are the acoustic measurements that were taken
from which data. See also Fig. 3.7 in the SI, where you did this for the
windowed analysis. I would combine that figure with the figure here.


- Results:
<---- DONE
* 3.4.1, end of first paragraph: overlapping ranges does not tell much
about whether two distributions are similar or not; thus, this list of
ranges does not really support your previous statement. Reporting ranges
in text is also hard to access; I am thus wondering whether to move the
table with the ranges (or another parameter to describe the
distribution??? Quartiles? 95%-value-range??) into the main text and to
combine it with Tab 3.1. On the other hand, these ranges are also
visible in the figure (Fig. 3.3), so actually, we do not need both.

*3.4.1, second paragraph: the description is hard to visualize. You
report many differences, but the context of those differences is missing
and the description is too vague; e.g., I need to remember the
previously reported difference to compare it (i.e., mentally calculating
another difference) to the currently reported difference. I know I'm not
clear here - but try reading this paragraph without any prior knowledge,
and I think you'll realize that it's hard to take away a clear meaning.
Related to that, don't just report later a drop in sample size, but give
all relevant values (I don't remember what the other N was).

*3.4.2: Generally, the same thoughts here: It is a lot of text, which is
hard to visualize and understand. Think about optimizing it; by changing
structure, adding background, and/or figures/tables.
DONE ---->


